1 LD/E:MUSICAL  [noise] okay  well i i think it was  oh right except  i don't <unk> i forgot part of the national anthem which was  uh-huh  uh-huh  parts about uh  <unk> i can remember that but that was about uh  [laughter]  uh i'm a scores overall pretty poor  mhm  mhm  i mean i listen to the i was into my yeah it'd be threes and stuff  that's about all  mhm  i used to play  drugs in like middle school band in high school band  but  um [noise]  in college i just haven't really done much  mhm  any other  i had a little i have some piano lessons when i was a kid  not really like my my dad is uh  i think he didn't have the same thing that i used to play with you know in his high school  but my mom's just never really got into it  so it's not one does musical families where the  parents are always  yeah we're in saratoga students are we're just kind of  exposing media stuff all the time it's it's definitely not true  mhm  i mean i listen to the oldies in the car with my dad that's about it  mhm  i grew up in illinois  and it would it besides my parents know  uh important to me  not like  oh you know this is my passion  important to me that it  <unk>  relax but that's about it  mhm  [noise]  i'd say i'd say <unk> you know  i should i think they'd be out they don't understand you know i  i listen to some dude  say music they do but  when they when it comes to like  do i know  something about mozart do i know something about  these famous people  if it's not something about that i've had in music calm  they're not going to be surprised about it  [noise]  uh-huh 


1 LD/E:MUSICAL  Okay. I think it was. alright accept I forgot part of the national anthem which was.   It's about. The Bob's birthday in there. I can't remember that but that was about it all.  I miss Court overall pretty poor.   I'm Alison to the cinema MP3 stuff. settle  I used to play. drugs in like Middle School band High School van but  It's Allah just haven't really done much.   Hey, little. It's even some piano lessons an arcade. Not really my client my dad is. I think you didn't have the same thing that I didn't used to play with you know a news High School. But my mom is just never really got into it. so it's not one of those musical family for the parents are always killer Conservatory student server, just kinda Supposing me to stuff all the time if it's definitely not true.  Hi listen to oldies in the car with my dad, it's about it.  I grew up in Illinois. Hey, what up size my parents now? important to me not like Ohh you know, this is my passion. It's important to me in that it. I need to just got a Relax, but that's about it.   I see I see you know. Hi soon. I think they'd be out late understand. You know. I listened to some. Say music they do. when it when it comes to like Do I know? Something about Mozart do I know something about? peace famous people If it's not something about that. I've had a music on. They're not going to be surprised about it.  
